Background: In the R&D group in Stockholm we develop software for patient treatment planning and follow-up and we are
looking for a test and verification consultant with strong programming skills to strengthen a cross functional scrum
team including software developers and research specialists in the development of cutting edge treatment planning
software solutions. Assignment: We are looking for a software test and verification engineer with a strong focus on
quality and excellent programming and test automation skills. This person will work in a cross functional scrum team
that works according to the SAFe agile methodology. The team includes software developers and research physicists
working to develop advanced treatment solutions. This is a relatively new team so the person needs to be able to take
initiative and help select tools, and establish ways of working. Test responsibilities include: - Establish test
approach in a new team including selecting tools and test techniques - Designing test cases  - Automating and executing
test cases both for test and verification - Writing and reviewing test plans and test reports - Participating in risk
reviews - Contributing to continuous improvements with regards to verification and test processes and test automation -
Participate in the cross functional agile scrum teams and contribute to the continuous improvement of our agile ways of
working - Requirements review and active part in the development of the testable design system We are looking for
someone who is very quality focused with good communication skills in Swedish and English that works well in a group,
works proactively, takes initiative and can work independently with little instruction or supervision. It is likely that
test automation will be done using python, and some tools that may be used by the teams are DOORS, HP ALM, Jira, Rally,
Visual Studio and Squish. However because the role will involve working with prototypes as well as product development
which tools or programming languages are used may vary so is important that the consultant is flexible and has the
skills to work with different tools and using differing programming languages.  It is good if the consultant has
experience with safety critical systems. ISTQB certification is a plus. Assignment Level We are looking for someone with
experience and drive who can take initiative, with focus on quality and good programing and test automation skills. We
believe that person with Level 3 is appropriate for the assignment.  Level 3. Individual contributor that is fully
proficient in applying established standards. Has a knowledge base acquired from several years of experience in a
particular area. Works independently and may instruct or coach other professionals.   Experience - Designing test cases 
- Automating and executing test cases both for test and verification - Writing and reviewing test plans and test reports
- Participating in risk reviews - Contributing to continuous improvements with regards to verification and test
processes and test automation - Participate in the cross functional agile scrum teams and contribute to the continuous
improvement of our agile ways of working - Requirements review and active part in the development of the testable design
system Specific Competences Test Planning and Design Test Automation Test Verification Scrum, SAFe or other agile
methodologyProfinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49
00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion