  We are looking for someone who is comfortable in
challenging the status quo and is able to argue their case
in order to lead and inspire digital transformation at the
company. You have previous experience as a .Net developer
focusing on API management within a digitalized business.
You are used to short deadlines, have experience of identity
& authorization and love the fact that you play an essential
role for the business success.   We work on a daily basis
with the following: Apigee, Jitterbit or other API
management platform SQL skills (MSSQL / Oracle preferred)
Distributed solution landscape (Microservices oriented,
multilayer solution design) .NET Visual Studio, 2015+ .NET
4.6 .NET MVC GIT SCRUM or similar NuGet   We would be even
happier if you know any or more about:   Architectural
principles and design patterns Entity framework EpiServer
Microsoft Azure services ( Or other cloud similar products)
Service Bus Microsoft Azure Service Fabric Redis Code First
Database design Micro services TeamCity (Build Server)
Octopus Deploy (Deploy Server) Hadoop Mongo Db Java
scriptProfinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och
Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49
00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion