  Description:   We are looking for thoughtful, well-rounded
Android engineers to join our team and help build an
application that millions of people use every day. You will
play an important part in our mobile engineering practice,
implementing new features, improving performance, and
building beautiful user interfaces.   What you’ll do
Collaborate with a small, autonomous team of developers,
designers, and product owners to find end-to-end solutions
to important problems Implement these solutions for our
Android client, adhering to Android development best
practices Help your team solve problems in a way that makes
sense for Android users and our codebase Join dozens of
other developers and help to shape the direction of Android
development.   Who you are You have a deep understanding of
modern Android development. You know how to write readable,
maintainable, performant object-oriented Java. You are
experienced with Android development tools. You care about
quality and you know what it means to ship high-quality
code. You have released at least one app or have a project
in the works that you can tell us about. Open source
experience is a huge plus!     Job Posting Start Date:  
2018-12-03 Job Posting End Date:   2019-03-29Profinder –
erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr.
556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  | 
LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion