  What you’ll do - Collaborating closely with other
engineers in an autonomous, cross- functional team. -
Designing, developing and operating business critical
backend systems with focus on high availability, low latency
and scalability. - Championing continuous delivery for
everyone at Spotify by building tools that increase the
speed of development.   Who you are -  Senior profile 4-5
years of experience, java - You are motivated by working
collaboratively in teams and continuously improving by
giving and receiving feedback. - You care deeply about sound
engineering practices like continuous delivery, clean code
and automated testing. - Your passion for learning helps you
solve problems in a creative way. - You are experienced in
designing and building distributed and scalable systems and
feel thrilled by the idea of seeing millions of users
running your code. - On call schedule Thursday to Thursday
24/7. One day paid day off. Still full time 40h/week.   Job
Posting Start Date:   2018-09-17 Job Posting End Date:  
2019-03-31    .Profinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik
och Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49
00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion