Vi söker en Data Engineer, enligt nedan:   Description:   We
are looking for a senior software engineer who is very
enthusiastic about data to focus on maintaining and
improving structured, high-quality data solutions. These
solutions will be used to evolve our products bringing
better experiences to our 170 million users and the global
artist community alike.We are processing petabytes of data
using tools such as BigQuery, Dataflow, Pub/Sub and Spark.
When needed, we also develop our own data tooling such as
Scio, a Scala API for Apache Beam.     What you’ll do -
Explore new ways of producing, processing, and analysing
data in order to gain insights into both our users and our
product features - Develop, maintain and test pipelines
providing Big data inputs for our Royalty engine - Develop,
maintain and test pipelines and scripts providing data for
reporting purposes - Improve data quality through testing,
tooling and continuously evaluating performance - Work in
multi-functional agile teams with end-to-end responsibility
for product development and delivery within your mission -
Work from our office in Stockholm     Who you are - 3-5+
years of experience - Skills in Python is mandatory,
preferably Scala and Java as well - You don’t like leaving
questions unanswered and you love exploring/understanding
data - You care about agile software processes, data-driven
development, reliability, and responsible experimentation -
You are passionate about crafting clean code and have a
steady foundation in coding and building data pipelines    
Start: 2019-01-21 Uppdragslängd: 2019-07-09 Placeringsort:
100% på plats hos kund, StockholmProfinder – erfarna
konsulter inom IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr.
556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  | 
LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion