We are looking for Data Scientist/Analyst. You will support
existing Data Scientists in their existing projects
(Analysis, AB-tests, Exploratory investigations, Business
Proposals, Ad-hoc questions), communicate with stakeholders,
and develop how we work.   What you’ll do liaison with
stakeholders and other teams create, run and analyze AB-test
reinforce other team members when needed Work from our
office in Stockholm   Who you are You know how to (Advanced
Statistics, Python, SQL, Data Modeling, communicate with
stakeholders [Paragraph and bullet points] You are
experienced with (being self-driven and someone who pulls
information, working in an agile environment) You have a
deep understanding of (working in teams, working towards
outcome, not output) You care about (making a difference,
other people, contributing where it's needed, and learning)
You have (experience in communicating Data Science with
Stakeholders) that you can tell us about     Job Posting
Start Date:   2018-10-01 Job Posting End Date:  
2019-04-Profinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och
Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49
00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion