  We are looking for a visionary DevOps engineer with the
ability to go from vision to result and who has the ability
to lead other. You will together with the leadership team
set the vision and then together with your team the roadmap
how to get there.   We are a support function and work close
to the delivery organizations teams as well as operations
and cloud solution. The DevOps team consists of 8 DevOps/SRE
who will help you implement our strategy. You will be part
of Operational Excellence leadership team which also
consists of Quality Excellence, Process Excellence and Agile
Transformation.     Job description   Set DevOps strategy
and implement it. Responsible for monitoring, cloud, CICD.
Coach your team and be responsible for budget and allocation
of your personal.     Responsibility   Design and implement
long-term strategic goals balance with short-term tactical
plans for DevOps area. Build and maintain high performance
infrastructure that will scale. DevOps tooling. Ability to
follow latest trends and implement new tools, ideas and best
practice. Provides DevOps expertise, direction, and
assistance across all levels of the IT organization. Monitor
stack health for issues with reliability, performance,
durability and security and take action or give
recommendation based on result. Develop and maintain a
culture of innovation and operational efficiency in the
team. Attract, recruit, manage, and mentor great DevOps
Engineers maintaining a high bar of performance.     We are
looking for   A minimum 5 years experience as DevOps, with
focus on application reliability, performance, scalability,
cloud and CICD. Experience architecting highly scalable
cloud and data center infrastructure. Proven analytical,
evaluative, and problem-solving abilities are required.
Ability to effectively prioritize and execute in a
high-pressure environment is required. Excellent written and
oral communication skills are required. Must be able to
effectively communicate with all levels of management and
all stakeholders. Proven ability to build, manage and foster
a team-oriented environment. You believe and practice
servant leadership, but can also be a manager when needed.  
  Job Posting Start Date:   2020-03-16 Job Posting End
Date:   2020-06-13  Profinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT,
Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750
49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa
skrivbordsversion