Developer Java Description:   We are looking for engaged and
enthusiastic Software Engineers to join one of our teams. We
are working together in autonomous teams that take full
responsibility for their own part of our ecosystem. The team
focuses on creating end to end custom integrations that are
robust, compliant and low maintenance focusing on handling
financial data. You will join a team where everyone share a
common interest in distributed backend systems, their
scalability and continued development.   What you’ll do
Design, develop and deploy backend services with focus on
high availability, scalability and low maintenance Build and
operate infrastructure, toolset and deployment pipelines
Collaborate closely with other engineers and become a valued
member of an autonomous, cross- functional team. Take
operational responsibility for the services that are owned
by your team, potentially including taking part in an
on-call rotation. Work in an environment that supports your
individual growth   Who you are You are comfortable writing
Java You are interested in keeping up with current best
practices in your areas of expertise You are experienced
working with modern infrastructure and tools. You are
comfortable running your software in Linux environments. You
know and care about sound engineering practices like
continuous delivery, defensive programming and automated
testing. You’re familiar with designing and building
distributed and scalable systems and enjoy seeing millions
of users running your code. You have good understanding of
data structures and algorithms, and understand how to apply
them to design pragmatic solutions.   Start Date:  
2019-01-14 End Date:   2019-08-30Profinder – erfarna
konsulter inom IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr.
556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  | 
LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion