För kunds räkning söker vi en Engineer Manager, enligt
nedan:   An integral part of this role is also cooperating
closely with our partners - the car manufacturers across the
globe. This includes technical calls and meetings, but also
workshops with them in person. This role might involve some
traveling to meet with partners in US and Europe.   *
Develop and support people through coaching, mentoring, and
feedback. * Drive a good engineering culture, act as a role
model for feedback, encourage inclusiveness and empowerment
* Guide software craftsmanship and engineering practices,
and ensure effectiveness is improved using systematic
productivity metrics * Ensure the health and sustainability
of the technology we develop * Ship engineering solutions on
time to ensure that we meet the needs of our users,
deadlines and milestones we have set for ourselves, and that
we have the means to measure our impact against goals and
success metrics. * Take part in partnership meetings,
discussions and workshops with our partners across the globe
  Who you are You know how to lead a development team and
help them find the right team processes, challenge and
improve engineering practices, and be on top of delivery and
progress towards our goals.   You are experienced with
modern software development and team practices.   The team
is a cross-functional team working mainly on mobile (Android
and iOS) and embedded (C), but also some backend systems and
use of web APIs. A broad technical understanding is more
important than deep expertise in any specific area - but
experience of mobile development (Android or iOS) is a plus.
  Start: 2019-01-14 Uppdragslängd: 2019-09-30 Placeringsort:
StockholmProfinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och
Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49
00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion