För kunds räkning söker vi nu en erfaren tekniker inom
infrastruktur och nätverk, enligt nedan:   Overview We would
like to get a person that have worked with deployment and or
support of products within Cloud domain plus strong IP
competence.   Job Summary Responsibility to provide remote
infrastructure to the company’s regions and external
parties/partners. Plans and operates the software and
hardware solutions for our users Secures a stable
Environment and optimizes the solutions/services to the
agreed service levels in a cost efficient and timely manner
  Core Competences •  High knowledge
(installation/operation/integration/support) •  Basic
knowledge of virtualization platforms (VMWare, VirtualBox,
etc) •  IP networking knowledge and experience •  IT
Processes, IT Tools & Infrastructure Knowledge  
Responsibilities & Tasks: ·  Create cost effective solutions
through activities in network design, planning and
deployment ·  Drives and implements cost effective solutions
·  Configure and integrate nodes and solutions into networks
(new and existing) ·  Maintain a stable environment and
optimizes the network as necessary ·  Contribute to
implement continuous improvements in the organization · 
Technical support and troubleshooting during
project/activity handling of internal and external customers
·  Develop solutions and tools based on technical
requirements   Start: 4 februari Uppdragslängd: 6 mån
Placeringsort: 100% på plats hos kund, StockholmProfinder –
erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr.
556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  | 
LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion