För kunds räkning söker vi nu frontendutvecklare, enligt
nedan:     What you will be doing: In this role you will
drive the overall front-end strategy within the Platform
area together with your colleagues. As a member of one of
our cross-functional teams, you will participate in design
discussions, explore technical options and implement great
solutions to complex engineering challenges. We strongly
believe in the “You Design it, You Build It, You Test It,
You Run It, You Tweak It” ethos and everyone is expected to
take part of the full system life cycle to ensure
reliability and uptime of the production environment.   We
like to use: •                          JavaScript ES6+,
React.js, Redux, webpack, Styled components/SASS/LESS
•                          Continuous Delivery
•                          Best development practices
•                          Agile and lean values   Who you
are? You find the description of this role exciting and want
to build scalable software in a distributed architecture,
and above all are passionate about solving challenging
problems in a fast-paced and ever-changing environment.
You're a positive person by nature and have a passion for
what you do, putting teamwork and collaboration above all
else. You take great pride in your ability to grasp complex
business scenarios and translating them into solutions with
clean and performant code. You believe in yourself and your
own abilities, but also appreciate that there is an endless
ocean of new things to learn and take on board, cherishing
the opportunity to do so.   Start: Omgående Uppdragslängd: 
Minst 6 månader Placeringsort: 100% på plats hos kund,
StockholmProfinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och
Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49
00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion