General abilities: Code primarily in Java, Scala, Python,
Ruby. Solid understanding of TCP/IP, HTTP, web application
security, and experience in multi-tier web application
architectures. Write code that is performant, maintainable,
clear, and concise Work cross-functionally with various
engineering  teams 5+ years industry experience as Software
engineer 3+ years of experience in Internet scale Linux
environments Responsibilities for the infrastructure
platform team: Work in engineering team to design, build,
and maintain programmable container based infrastructure
across multiple cloud vendors and data centers . Diagnose
and troubleshoot complex distributed problems and develop
solutions that have a significant impact. Experience with
existing open source projects such as Mesos, Kubernetes,
Docker, Zookeeper, Smartstack or similar. Responsibilities
for the monitoring platform team: Work in engineering team
to design, build, and maintain a monitoring, metrics and
analytics platform for a distributed system (With focus on
quality of transaction). Design, build and maintain systems
for event processing, data storing, metrics analytics
(computation and prediction), graphing and visualization.
Experience with existing open source projects such as Kafka,
Spark, Opentsdb, Influxdb. Abilities/Qualities Sense of
ownership and responsibility. Balance out your desire to
ship code with your responsibility to get it right Ability
to prioritize tasks and work independently Ability to lead
technical teams through designs and implementations across
an Track record of practical problem solving, excellent
communication, and documentation skills organization.
Troubleshoot issues across the entire stack - hardware,
software, application and network B.S. in computer science
or similar field. Start: asapProfinder – erfarna konsulter
inom IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  |
Tel: 08 750 49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa
skrivbordsversion