Developer Mobile SDK - iOS    Job Description As a developer
you will be part of a large team with the responsibility to
delivery an SDK serving as the foundation for applications
used to interact with connected company´s appliances. The
development will initially be done using Swift but other
languages might be considered in the future. The SDK is also
provided as a Cordova plugin which always need to be aligned
with the Android version. As a SDK developer you will also
be supporting app developers that are using the SDK by
creating examples, writing documentation and answer
questions they may have. At the same time you have to be
mindful of app developers needs in order to continuously
improve the SDK. You will also be working closely with the
backend developers in order to adapt the SDK to expose new
features and provide input to backend developers on new
API's.    Requirements ·         5+ years of development
experience for the iOS platform ·         C, C++ 2-3 Years
·         Experience using Swift for iOS developement
·         Experience using java script for mobile
developement ·         Experience building a production
applications ·         Experience in creating CocoaPod
libraries ·         Experience using Test Driven Development
·         Experience using Continuous Delivery practices
Knowledge using development tools such as issue tracking
systems, versioning platforms, etc.... Comfortable working
in an Agile environment Proficient in spoken and written
English     Great to have  ·       java android developement
·         experience native android developement experience
hybrid ·         Released to the App Store
·         Jenkins, Jira, Bitbucket Uppdragsstart: 2017-12-15
Uppdragsslut: 2018-03-14Profinder – erfarna konsulter inom
IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08
750 49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa
skrivbordsversion