Background The customer is currently running a Transition
Project, transferring people and services to external
service partners. Specific project security deliverables are
defined to meet defined requirements.  These deliverables
needs to be followed up, verified and sign-off by the
customer and the Suppliers. Security Risk Assessments are
necessary to ensure a correct transfer throughout the
project. In line with the above mentioned, The customer is
now seeking for an experienced consultant who can, during a
period of six months, support the Project with leading the
mentioned assignment and report back to Project Management.
Profile Good knowledge about security, related to IT
outsourcing and earlier experience of outsourcing projects,
in driving work within the security area. Good knowledge
regarding regulation of telecom market, especially handling
and storage of personal data (e.g. upcoming EU data
protection regulation), connectivity solutions and access
management. Structured, communicative and open for knowledge
sharing.  Profinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och
Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49
00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion