Till vår kund i Stockholm söker vi en IT specialist  enligt
nedan: Description IT Security consultant experienced in
virtualization and cloud computing. The customer is
currently in the process of increasing the efficiency &
productivity by initially investing in new technology,
consolidation and optimisation of relevant processes and
services, with the target to reduce cost in within a three
years period.  In line with the above mentioned the customer
is now seeking for an experienced consultant who can, during
a period of three months, support the organisation with the
below mentioned assignments.  Consultant profile  - Deep
knowledge about security related to IT outsourcing.  - Deep
knowledge about security related outsourcing in the area of
IT strategy & architecture, IT sourcing, supplier management
and IT delivery model.  - Deep knowledge about security
related to the different phase in an outsourcing program
(e.g. transformation, transition).  - Earlier experience of
outsourcing program and been driving the security area.  -
Good knowledge regarding regulation of telecom market,
especially handling and storage of personal data (e.g.
upcoming EU data protection regulation).  - Structured,
communicative and open for knowledge sharing. Assignment
description - Be part of different outsourcing projects in
order to evaluate, implement and follow up the right level
of security requirements.  - Produce/ update security
requirements and steering document reflecting outsourcing
based on standards in the market and the customers internal
requirements.  Start: Så snart som möjligt Uppdragslängd: 3
månader Placeringsort: 100% på plats hos kunden,
StockholmProfinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och
Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49
00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion