Qualifications: - A minimum of 5 years of relevant software
development experience - Strong problem-solving and
communication skills. - Excellent coding skills, preferable
JavaScript. - Understand the great benefits and drawbacks of
a microservice and other architectures. - Knows the
importance of writing testable code and understands the
value of test-automation. - Knows the pros and cons and when
to use message-brokers such as RabbitMQ. - Basic knowledge
in containers and docker and big interest to dig deeper -
Understand the importance of monitoring and tracing. -
Experienced in creating continuous integration/delivery
pipelines, preferable Gitlab or TeamCity. - Experience with
git and like working with PR’s. - Experienced working in an
agile environment applying methods such as scrum, kanban,
pair programming and mob programming. - Experience and
knowledge of AngularJS and React Node.js and dotnet core
Docker and Kubernetes Cloud computing services   Your Role?
  You will join as Senior Developer in the innovation and
core technology team. Your team will work closely with the
development organization to create the next step in
technology enabling your colleagues in the customer facing
product teams. Your team, lead by your Tech Lead, will work
closely with the product organization to create experiences
that are a cut above the rest!Profinder – erfarna konsulter
inom IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  |
Tel: 08 750 49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa
skrivbordsversion