  We are looking for more Java developers to further
strengthen our development teams' ability to turn user
stories into shippable code. This is what our Java
developers do: Build scalable and maintainable systems that
runs and fails gracefully Write testable software in
collaboration with our testers Create automated tests in
collaboration with our testers Support our Product Owners
with technical insight Apply their technical skills and
curiosity to the product development process Continuously
improve our development process Continuous integration Love
releasing software   This is what our Java developers are
like: Curious Driven Team players Reasonable Pragmatic
Persistent   You'll like it here if you: Thrive in a relaxed
and high paced work environment Do not need supervision Find
technically complex systems thrilling Aren't afraid to speak
your mind Take pride in being good at what you do and doing
it well Have high expectations of yourself and your peers
Enjoy working in a self-organizing, self-managing team
Thinks business value delivered is what defines great
development Think common sense goes a long way   You'd like
to work with these technologies: Java Spring Core REST/JSON
Lucene Embedded Jetty ZooKeeper Postgres Linux Maven
JMS/AMQP JBehave   We expect you to: Have worked in a team
developing, deploying and maintaining one or more software
products in production for an extended period of time Have
demonstrated that you have the mindset and skills to become
an effective part of a cross-function, self-organizing,
self-managing team Be technically brilliant (or getting
there) Have both theoretical and practical knowledge of
agile and/or lean software development What’s in it for you?
Opportunity to work in a successful and fast-growing company
A fun and flexible working culture Ability to directly
influence your and your teams’ work environment and
processes Work with very smart and humble people Management
who understands and appreciates agile International work
environmentProfinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och
Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49
00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion