Nu söker vår kund nedan person, hör av er om ni är
intresserade eller har tips!     Developer   Required
Competence Technical -Min 3 years experience working in key
roles in agile software developments projects -Strong Linux
skills -Strong Python skills -Strong software development
skills, including GIT and CI knowledge -Experience with
containers, such as Docker or Kubernetes -Experience in
Kafka, Cassandra, Mesos, AWS   Personal -Passion for Data
and associated technologies -Individual who is enthusiastic
about learning new cutting edge technologies, and is able to
create clean production grade code -Built in personality to
share knowledge, educate the surrounding team to lift the
competence constantly -As a person driven and having a
curious nature, thinking one step ahead to create new
solutions and prevent future obstacles -Good team player and
communication skills   Bonus -Experience with machine
learning frameworks -Frontend development skills -Previous
experience working with microservices   Start: asap, långt
uppdrag Location:KistaProfinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT,
Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750
49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa
skrivbordsversion