Role description   As a PHP Backend Developer you will be
using the Magento 2 framework and you will be working in a
cross functional scrum team. We are currently breaking up
the monolith and moving towards a headless e-commerce
solution. In this role you will collaborate closely with
other teams when needed. 80% of your role will focus on
development and 20% with demo and retro refinement. Your
responsibilities include:   •                         
Develop and implement new business requirements
•                          Maintaining and improving our
e-commerce platform •                          Work in a
cross functional team with members that have different skill
sets •                          Connect Magento to our
internal API’s   You will work in a fast-paced, dynamic and
forward-thinking environment. As a Magento developer within
D&C you are also a part of a chapter, composed of 20 other
Magento developers, meeting on a weekly basis to share
knowledge and exchange thoughts and ideas.     Requirements
  We are looking for a person with a background in PHP and
object oriented development, with analytical skills who has
the ability to prioritize, plan and take ownership of their
work. You are comfortable working under tight deadlines and
have the ability to work independently as well as
collaborate effectively with others. Formal qualifications
include:   •                          3+ years’ experience
working as a PHP developer •                         
Documented experience working with GIT
•                          Experience working with
e-commerce in a web environment   Technologies and
methodologies used include: PHP, MySQL, XML, Rest API,
Magento or Magento 2, Object oriented Programming,
JavaScript, GraphQl, Azure   Start: 2019-03-04
Placeringsort: 100% hos kund, StockholmProfinder – erfarna
konsulter inom IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr.
556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  | 
LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion