Nu söker vi en Processexpert till vår kund i Stockholm,
enligt nedan:     Qualifications & Functional Knowledge
Degree in an engineering discipline Expert level knowledge
in Engineering Processes, ALM, PLM & Process Design tools
Structured mindset Contributes towards improvements in
processes & flows     Knowledge of the Business Has basic
commercial awareness, strong understanding of concepts and
procedures in own discipline & sound knowledge in adjoining
disciplines.     Leadership – Management or Technical Able
to take personal responsibility for managing process
introduction into the market from an engineering perspective
Able to present rollout strategy confidently to stakeholders
and management     Problem Solving Experience in process
harmonization with in-depth understanding of technical and
commercial constraints Area & Nature of Impact The impact of
the job is on a work area such that the performance of the
job eventually impacts the overall performance and
effectiveness of the Engineering department.   Interpersonal
& Communication Skills Demonstrates strong communication,
diplomacy skills, ability to guide, influence, convince
others and communicate complex concepts.   Additional
information and elements to consider Willing to travel
internationally for short periods (as per Business needs)
Fluent in English     Start: Omgående Placeringsort: 100% på
plats hos kund, StockholmProfinder – erfarna konsulter inom
IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08
750 49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa
skrivbordsversion