Förhandlingsbart (-) Timmar per vecka: 40.0GöteborgFor our
client we are looking for a Hardware Developer Job
description: We are looking for a Hardware developer to work
with radio link product development at our customers
company. In this role you will play an important role in one
of our customers autonomous hardware teams that consists of
5-10 skilled developers that as a team has full hardware
responsibility for several products. In this role you will
have the opportunity to drive activities such as requirement
analysis, design, simulation, integration, verification,
production support, product lifecycle management and
documentation. The typical tasks and responsibilities in
this assignment are: • Electrical engineering of low and
high speed digital designs • Electrical engineering of
analog designs • Integration of Radio Link PCB components
(such as baseband, DSP, FPGA, CPU and, Ethernet Switch) •
PCB schematics design in Cadence and PCB layout support •
Integration and verification of circuit boards in
well-equipped labs • Provide production support and act as
interface in hand-over of products from development to
supply organization • Troubleshooting, root cause analysis
and customer support • Drive continuous improvements and
innovation of products and processes • Requirement
management and documentation of developed design • Hardware
quality assurance and follow-up We are looking for someone
with a curious and solution-oriented personality. We believe
that you are a true team player that enjoys working in
teams. It will be important to be result oriented and
innovative mindset valuing high quality results. Required
skills: • Master of Science degree in Electrical
Engineering, Engineering Physics or similar • A minimum of
3-5 years of relevant experience is preferred • Experience
and interest in electronics hardware design (digital and/or
analog) is seen as essential • Good communications skills
(English) • Experience of Lean and Agile development methods
is seen as a merit Start: Asap Duration: According to
agreement Location: Gothenburg Work load: 100% Working
language: English Please, apply directly through our system
with - your updated CV - your hourly rate (all included) -
name and telephone number to 2 reference persons eWork can
contact (we will contact your reference persons first after
contact with you) - information on when you are available to
start - in the Motivation describe why you are suitable for
this assignment - refer to earlier assignments, employments,
education and personal qualities.Note: Please make sure to
include an English version of your CV with your
application.Namn: Joakim Gunn Telefon: E-post:
joakim.gunn@eworkgroup.comFör att skicka in en ansökan till
detta projekt klicka på Ansök med nån av dina profiler
ovan.Skicka en fråga eller ett tips till Ework om detta
projekt.+46 (0) 8 50 60 55 00 info@eworkgroup.com Terms &
conditions