För kunds räkning söker vi en Projektplanerare, enligt
nedan:   Responsibilities   -        Responsible for
planning and scheduling various project workloads (create,
maintain, review) -        Gather and analyze information to
prepare status reports -        Evaluate current procedures
and recommend changes to improve the efficiency of planning
and scheduling of projects -        Monitor schedule
compliance levels and identifies reasons for completion
shortfalls. -        Liaise with Project Managers and
Engineers to discuss the progress of the project and address
any issues that arise. -        Liaise with external
contractors and suppliers for related scheduling and
planning -        Present information for internal meetings
on the projects -        Produce tender to support Bids
-        Experienced in Excel: at a minimum knows data
summation and graphing techniques -        Understands
Change Management Processes and can help assist with change
management on the projects. -        Experienced in schedule
forecasting techniques and project WBS setup.   Requirements
-        Strong Problem solving -        Strong
communication including writing reports and presenting
-        Understanding engineering principles -       
Methodological approach -        Excellent IT skills and
relevant knowledge of Planning software including MS Project
and Primavera P6 -        Ability to remain calm under
pressure -        Work as part of a team and individually
-        3+ years experience -        Ability to apply
Critical Path Method planning techniques to develop detail
Engineering and Installation Project networks and schedules.
  Placeringsort: På plats hos kund 100%, StockholmProfinder
– erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och Management  | 
Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49 00Stockholm  | 
Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion