Project Manager Our customer needs a project manager with
interest of project risks and controls, for assignment at a
GDPR project. The right candidate is a project manager with
approx. 5 years of experience and good at building
relationships. A suitable background is within data
security/information security.    The tasks:  • Coordinate
with team to mitigate vulnerabilities  • Help manager and
team for tasks related to General Data Protection
Regulation  • Act as an internal point of contact for data
protection inquiries related to the company’s applications,
and coordinate the response as deemed appropriate to Data
Protection Officer or required internal teams  • Monitor the
implementation of data security solutions to scan structured
and unstructured data sources  • Assisting management in the
assessment of project risks and controls  • Identifying
opportunities for companies to effectively mitigate risk and
improve business performance  • Organizes meetings,
identifies actions, and track progress of various activities
of the GDPR regulation      Start: October or early November
End: 16/2 -18 (good chance of a longer contract)Profinder –
erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr.
556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  | 
LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion