  Lead and secure that best practices Build & Run processes
are implemented and governed within the IT domain. To
improve both speed and quality of IT-deliveries supporting
the business organization. Train the organization in the
processes and responsible for measure the efficiency through
key performance indicators.   Required skills/experiences:  
•                         Many years of experience from
process development and process governance within the IT
domain. •                         Able to drive the process
implementation and continuous follow up on the IT
organizations process maturity. •                        
Knowledge in tools supporting the process implementation for
various number of process. Like for incident-, problem-,
change- and release processes •                         Well
proven in facilitate workshop to drive progress and document
results. •                         Minimum of five years of
working experience within process governance.     Preferred
skills/experiences:   •                         Certified
within ITIL foundation. •                         Experience
from lean and/or sigma six implementation.
•                         Experience from Telecom and Large
Service Delivery organizations     Job Posting Start Date:  
2019-03-11 Job Posting End Date:   2019-06-01  Profinder –
erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr.
556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  | 
LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion