Förhandlingsbart (-) Timmar per vecka: 40.0Polen,
WrocławEwork Group is a market leading, independent
consultant supplier in Northern Europe with focus on IT,
telecom, technology and business development. Without
employed consultants, Ework can impartially match every
assignment with the right consultant from the whole market.
Founded in Sweden in 2000, Ework today operates in Sweden,
Denmark, Norway, Finland and Poland. Our client, a big
international company from automotive industry, is looking
for a Sharepoint Developer Technical competences:
•     Basics: C#,.net/MVC, Jquery/JSON, SQl , Azure, Angular
etc •    Good understanding of the SharePoint Object Model,
workflow   Required experience and skills: •    Developing
and delivering web based application using SharePoint 2007 &
2013 •    Developing and deployment of Provider hosted and
SharePoint hosted apps •    SharePoint app development using
REST API and CSOM (.net managed) •    Working with CAML
queries •    Functional knowledge or hands on experience
developing . Web API’s(REST/OData) •    Powershell scripting
Job description: •    Participating in system design,
development, testing, deployment and maintenance, mainly in
the SharePoint 2013 environment & Cloud solutions as well as
enterprise-wide migrations •    Assisting in application
implementations from gathering requirements and testing to
end user support •    Supporting data file extracts and
loads •    Maintaining process documentation and delivering
user training if required •    Delivering application
support by troubleshooting and tracking issues •   
Facilitate technical equiries from different parts of
company •    Adhering to corporate working policies and
procedures Our Offer: • An interesting job for a big
organisation; • Transparent work conditions with both Ework
Group and the Client; • Attractive salary based on B2B
agreement or employment contract.Namn: Elina Klymenko
Telefon: E-post: Elina.Klymenko@eworkgroup.comFör att skicka
in en ansökan till detta projekt klicka på Ansök med nån av
dina profiler ovan.Skicka en fråga eller ett tips till Ework
om detta projekt.+46 (0) 8 50 60 55 00 info@eworkgroup.com
Terms & conditions