Förhandlingsbart (-) Timmar per vecka: 40.0StockholmFor our
client Tieto we are looking for a System Engineer. Job
description: • Systemization of radio unit’s
functionalities, features, interfaces, configuration
capabilities and subsystems. which are to be implemented in
ASIC/FPGAs function blocks • Participate or drive technical
analysis studies and pre-development in the SoC
systemization areas • Creating requirement specifications
and requirement design specifications about radio ASICs and
FPGAs • Support to design team during development,
verification, and validation of the design. • Continuously
improve and optimize ways of working Required skills: •
Knowledge in embedded systems, system-on-chip, ASIC, FPGA •
Systemization knowledge of combined hardware, firmware,
middleware and software domains • Systemization experience
in form of product requirement definition and requirement
setting • 4G/5G mobile communication knowledge Start: ASAP
Duration: 1 year Location: Kista Work load: 100% Working
language: Advanced proficiency level of English language is
mandatory; knowledge in Swedish or Chinese is beneficial.
Please, apply directly through our system with: - your
updated CV - your hourly rate (all included) - name and
telephone number to 2 reference persons eWork can contact
(we will contact your reference persons first after contact
with you) - information on when you are available to start -
in the Motivation describe why you are suitable for this
assignment - refer to earlier assignments, employments,
education and personal qualities.För att skicka in en
ansökan till detta projekt klicka på Ansök med nån av dina
profiler ovan.Skicka en fråga eller ett tips till Ework om
detta projekt.+46 (0) 8 50 60 55 00 info@eworkgroup.com
Terms & conditions