Förhandlingsbart (-) Timmar per vecka: 40.0KristianstadFor
our client we are looking for a Simulator/programmer
Description Perform geometrical and accessibility analysis
of existing and new car programs in all phases. Simulation
tools are used to find out the most optimal solution
regarding product and equipment (process driven design). The
role is a major provider of information to support
engineering teams in decision making. The role is an enabler
to reduce process development cost and time while improving
feasibility, QCDISME-performance in production and flawless
launches. Main Tasks: • Provide virtual analyses and
verifications for decisions regarding assembly equipment
design and secure process driven product design • Support
the verification of product and process through virtual and
physical events and development phases • Offline preparation
and programming (robot program and virtual models) •
Follow-up line-builders regarding geometrical simulation
activities • Maintain 3D model library for equipment used in
process layouts Responsibility: • Perform virtual analysis
of alternative manufacturing scenarios • Carry out virtual
analysis of assembly equipment • Follow up delivery of
virtual models from line builder according to AFU • Secures
that strategies, standards and specifications are fulfilled
in new car project • Report and gain approval in actual
organisation structures or from the assigner • Within
projects frame make the decisions that is required to meet
agreed targets • Reporting status and deviations in decided
systems / tools and ensure that there are actions planned to
reach targets Competence Requirements: • Wide technical
basic competence on university level or corresponding job
experience • Deep technical knowledge within the area of
responsibility, at least 5 years experience • Expert on CAE
simulation tools used for product and manufacturing
analysis. Siemens/Tecnomatix eMS-products (PD/PS), Team
Center, Catia and AutoCAD • Expert on Virtual Manufacturing
simulation methodology and on possibilities/limitations of
the method • Good genrel IT knownledge eg. MS office
products • Knowledge and experience of implementation of
automated equipment in a project • Deep knowledge and
experience of robots and robot programming • Analytical and
high ability to draw conclusions and support with solutions
• Good Knowledge regarding VCC routines, administrative
systems, standards and specifications • Good Language skills
in English both in speech and writing • Ability to
co-operate, businesslikeness, self-driven, comprehensive
view and ability to co-ordinate Start: ASAP Duration: TBD
Location: Olofström Work load: 100 % Working language:
Swedish, English Please, apply directly through our system
with - your updated CV - your hourly rate (all included) -
name and telephone number to 2 reference persons eWork can
contact (we will contact your reference persons first after
contact with you) - information on when you are available to
start - in the Motivation describe why you are suitable for
this assignment - refer to earlier assignments, employments,
education and personal qualities.För att skicka in en
ansökan till detta projekt klicka på Ansök med nån av dina
profiler ovan.Skicka en fråga eller ett tips till Ework om
detta projekt.+46 (0) 8 50 60 55 00 info@eworkgroup.com
Terms & conditions