Förhandlingsbart (-) Timmar per vecka: 40.0VästeråsWork
description: -Main challenge to establish a strong on site
TCMS engineering support during commissioning, testing and
homologation and warranty phase in the project.
-Investigating issues on train, analyzing and interpreting
resulting data and providing reports on the TCMS.
-Coordinate with system engineering, vehicle engineering and
TCMS team for implementation of design changes and bug
reporting. Requirements: Several years of professional
experience in TCMS and at least basic railway vehicle
knowledge. Fluent in IEC61131 programming language whereas
basic knowledge of C/C++ is an advantage. Start: ASAP
Duration: 2019-09-30 Location: Västerås Work load: 100 %
Working language: English Please, apply directly through our
system with - your updated CV - your hourly rate (all
included) - name and telephone number to 2 reference persons
eWork can contact (we will contact your reference persons
first after contact with you) - information on when you are
available to start - in the Motivation describe why you are
suitable for this assignment - refer to earlier assignments,
employments, education and personal qualities.Note: Please
make sure to include an English version of your CV with your
application.För att skicka in en ansökan till detta projekt
klicka på Ansök med nån av dina profiler ovan.Skicka en
fråga eller ett tips till Ework om detta projekt.+46 (0) 8
50 60 55 00 info@eworkgroup.com Terms & conditions