Förhandlingsbart (-) Timmar per vecka: 40.0StockholmFor our
client we are looking for a Linux / Unix Administrator
within Lab environment Job description: Provision and deploy
Linux/UNIX based operating systems / applications on both
physical and virtual platforms Daily administration tasks
around Linux/Unix OS, LVM administration, User and security
administration, Cron job management and Shell Scripting.
Operate, monitor and maintain Linux/Unix infrastructure to
include provisioning, incident troubleshooting w/resolution
and availability. Create and maintain accurate documentation
for storage and server hardware environment, procedures,
topologies, and configurations Create and maintain technical
documentation surrounding infrastructure environment
Maintain storage and server system components Required
skills: • Telco domain experience • Basic level Linux/unix
administration (Puppet, Ansible, storage/LVM, system
updates, backup) • Linux/UNIX based operating systems /
applications on both physical and virtual platforms •
Linux/Unix infrastructure to include provisioning, incident
troubleshooting w/resolution, and availability • Applying
operating system updates, firmware packages, and security
patches • Knowledge of documentation for storage and server
hardware environment, procedures, topologies, and
configurations • Basic knowledge of storage and server
system components in compliance with supporting vendor
requirements • Hands on HW experience and server hall
documentation floor/rack plans, cabling plans • Networking –
ISO L2/L3, Juniper switches maintenance and configuration,
DNS/Firewall maintenance • Soft skills – communication,
responsibility, independence, self-education Preferred
skills: Linux/UNIX based operating systems / applications &
Telco domain experience Start: ASAP Duration: 9-12 months
Location: Stockholm Work load: 100% Working language:
Advanced proficiency level of English language is mandatory,
language knowledge in Swedish is beneficial. Please, apply
directly through our system with - your updated CV - your
hourly rate (all included) - name and telephone number to 2
reference persons eWork can contact (we will contact your
reference persons first after contact with you) -
information on when you are available to start - in the
Motivation describe why you are suitable for this assignment
- refer to earlier assignments, employments, education and
personal qualities.Namn: Joel Mild Telefon: E-post:
Joel.Mild@eworkgroup.comFör att skicka in en ansökan till
detta projekt klicka på Ansök med nån av dina profiler
ovan.Skicka en fråga eller ett tips till Ework om detta
projekt.+46 (0) 8 50 60 55 00 info@eworkgroup.com Terms &
conditions