Förhandlingsbart (-) Timmar per vecka: 37.5Finland,
TammerforsAs Tieto's official Consultant Sourcing Office we
are looking for Java developers / Data engineers for Tieto's
internal and external development. You will work with
fascinating projects learning how big data can be utilised
in businesses and how software development is making it all
work. Your tasks will consist of software development and
data engineering. You will have an interesting role and work
as part of a team developing data flows in a big data
environment. This is a great chance for you to learn to use
tools such as Azure, Kafka and Spark - or if you are already
familiar with them, even better! Possible working locations
are Tampere and Espoo. Work is full-time and the assignment
will last till the end of the year, with a possibility to
continuation. Finnish skills are preferred but not
mandatory. Mandatory requirements: - Java - SQL - basic
level in Spring - some understanging of processing data
Preferred requirements: - Kafka/ Spark / Azure Please, apply
directly through our system with - your updated CV
describing your relevant experience - your hourly rate (all
included) - name and telephone number to 2 reference persons
Ework can contact (we will contact your reference persons
first after contact with you) - information on when you are
available to start - in the Motivation describe why you are
suitable for this assignment - refer to earlier assignments,
employments, education and personal qualities.Note: Please
make sure to include an English version of your CV with your
application.Namn: Inka Rantanen Telefon: +358408362032
E-post: inka.rantanen@eworkgroup.comFör att skicka in en
ansökan till detta projekt klicka på Ansök med nån av dina
profiler ovan.Skicka en fråga eller ett tips till Ework om
detta projekt.+46 (0) 8 50 60 55 00 info@eworkgroup.com
Terms & conditions