Role Summary and Key Responsibilities: Your role will
include RAN design activities such as: ·        Active part
in Customer solution design; ·        Requirement analysis;
·        System design; ·        Architecture design;
·        Functional allocation CU/DU (Centralized
Unit/Distributed Unit) and Radio Unit; ·        O&M
functional allocation; ·        HW and SW basic design;
·        RAN simulations; ·        System documentation;
·        Support RAN integrations, verification and
troubleshooting.   Job Requirements: ·        In-depth
knowledge on mobile networks, especially on 3GPP LTE and NR
standards in RAN and the interface between radio network and
core network. Additional knowledge on the core network
standards is a plus. ·        Extensive, proven experience
in mobile telecommunication industry. ·        Familiarity
with macro and small cell deployments. ·        Familiarity
with NFV standards and ecosystem. ·        Excellent
inter-personal and leadership skills. ·        Outstanding
verbal and written communication skills. ·        Excellent
presentation skills for a variety of audiences including
executives, partners, and customers. ·        Ability to
quickly grasp and adapt to new technologies and concepts.
·        BS Degree in EE or CS. MS Degree highly desirable.
 Profinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och
Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49
00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion