Location •      Work will be carried out mainly in Stockholm
but you will have several members sitting remote. The
project starts ASAP and lasts until Mid 2020.   •      Short
occasional traveling within Europe (~One a month) will be
required align with the local business organizations during
the go-live phase You •      Experience •      Are
experienced with leading cross functional teams consisting
of IT, central and local business in SAP Projects in a
change management oriented fashion •      Experience of
multi country roll-outs •      Experience of leading or
assisting change management strategy and implementation
•      Experience of working in large (+50 people) projects
•      Agile as well as waterfall project methodology
•      Tools: HPQC, Jira and Confluence Typical background
You have extensive experience as a Test Lead, a Release Lead
as well as a combined role in large multi-cultural IT
oriented projects that include many different stakeholders.
Any SAP experience, being ECC or Hybris is seen as an
advantage.     Uppdragsstart: 2018-10-15 Uppdragsslut:
2020-07-14    Profinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik
och Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49
00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion