As Requirement Engineer/Systems Architect you will act as
the bridge between the users of the system (external or
internal customers) and the developers (including HW and SW
Designers, Testers and Validators). Requirement
Engineer/System Architects manage the collection of real
needs of the project and product stakeholders, including
customers and end users with the responsibility to elicit,
analyse, validate, specify, verify and manage the
requirements. Arbetsuppgifter Identify customer needs, by
closely collaborating with them. Define system requirements,
system context and interfaces Decide on system solutions and
product selection. Support and definition for generic
processes, generic requirements handling, product
descriptions and tools (or tool chains) belonging to the
product and also for the requirement management itself (e.g.
DOORS) Support/maintain requirement management tools (e.g.
DOORS) Support project members, training and knowledge
transfers Krav Minimum 2 years of relevant work experience
Experience in requirement management tools like DOORS and
knowledge in modelling tools and languages like SysML/UML
would be highly appreciated. Strong communication skills in
English (both written and spoken). Any other language is a
plus. Strong focus on finding solutions. Customer oriented,
self-driven personProfinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT,
Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750
49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa
skrivbordsversion