Till vår kund söker vi en Senior Web Developer , enligt
nedan: SENIOR WEB DEVELOPER TO DIGITAL SOLUTIONS About the
customer he customer is a successful company that invests in
innovation and continuous improvement. We develop IT
applications and mobile solutions in new and modern
technology. Most of our large strategic projects are based
on the .NET platform and run agile development principles.  
Background We are looking to strengthening one of our
development teams with a senior .NET developer with strong
frontend competence as a team member is ending his
assignment. The team is developing one of our public facing
web shops that are in need of refactoring due to technical
debt.     The role The consultant will be taking lead on the
refactoring initiative from a frontend perspective and will
be working with gradually moving functionality from the old
to the new stack. The assignment also includes doing
required high priority development work on the existing
solution during the refactoring phase.     Desired Skills
and Experience -          Deep knowledge of C#
and ASP.NET MVC -          Deep knowledge of modern web
technologies and frameworks -          Solid JavaScript
knowledge, preferably also TypeScript experience
-          Experience with Azure and Team Foundation Service
-          Experience with Sql Server -          Experience
with continuous integration and/or deployment
-          Experience with unit testing managed code and
JavaScript -          Experience with developing public web
applications     Location If Bergshamra/SolnaProfinder –
erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr.
556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  | 
LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion