Vi söker en Senior Java Backend Developer (Cloud API) Job
description The assignment is to design, develop and
maintain an API for controlling connected appliances
together with developers and architects on site
in Stockholm. As a developer you will be part of developing
a high performing, secure API for onboarding, control and
monitoring of appliances. This is the next step in evolving
the companys Connectivity Platform to support the internal
and external needs. This API will be the foundation for
their home automation and how they will interact both
internally with their appliances and for integration with
other cloud services and partners. To fit this role you have
at least five years of development experience using Java. 
You have an agile mindset and used to work with Continuous
Delivery. Experience in using and designing REST API's and
contract based testing.  The company will have high emphasis
on rapid change and high level of automated testing.
Specific RequirementsGood to haveStart: 2017-11-13
Uppdragslängd: 2018-11-12 Placeringsort: 100% på plats hos
kunden, StockholmProfinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT,
Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750
49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa
skrivbordsversion