  # What you’ll do - Drive best engineering practices within
your team(s) and define and teach these. - Find ways to
spread learning and knowledge sharing across the
organization, leveling up our engineering practices. -
Mentor other engineers.  Facilitate collaboration between
engineers, product owners, and designers.  Build a state of
the art iOs apps that bring the happiness of music to
millions of users. - Write clear, maintainable code that
will scale across a number of projects and distributed
development teams - Become a valued member of an autonomous,
cross-functional team.     # Who you are - You know how to
working hands-on as a Software Engineer in an agile
environment. - You are  an experienced  Software Engineer
with several years of Objective-C development - You have a
deep understanding of the product and business goals which
you can translate into tech. - You care about building and
shipping high-quality code - You have a deep understanding
of system design, data structures, and algorithms and
understand how to apply them to design pragmatic solutions
that you can tell us about   This is an Objective-C position
  Job Posting Start Date:   2019-02-11 Job Posting End
Date:   2019-08-10  Profinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT,
Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750
49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa
skrivbordsversion