Background The company is the leading insurance company in
the Nordics and invest heavily in innovation and continuous
improvement of existing applications. The company build IT
applications and mobile solutions based on modern
technologies where quality and user experience are key
drivers. The majority of their large strategic projects are
based on the .NET platform and are running agile development
principles. At Digital Solutions they aim to be the
development hub for all digital initiatives and solutions
within the company, their current main responsibility is to
develop and maintain the public web shops for the Nordic
business.   The role We are now looking to reinforce one of
our teams with a senior .NET developer. We seek an ambitious
individual who wants to join our journey in crafting the
digital experiences for the insurance business.  You will
work in all parts of our applications and it’s important
that you feel comfortable developing both backend and
frontend solutions. We often explore new ways of working
using tools and frameworks, apart from your core competence
it is highly valued if you have an eye for quality and how
to work with technical dept.   Desired Skills and Experience
·         Deep knowledge of C#, ASP.NET Web Forms and MVC
·         Broad experience and knowledge of modern web
technologies and frameworks ·         Solid JavaScript
knowledge ·         Familiar with JavaScript frameworks like
React/Ember/Angular or similar ·         Good knowledge
about how to apply the development principles and design
patterns ·         Experience with Azure and Team Foundation
Service ·         Experience using SQL Server
·         Experience working with continuous integration
and/or deployment ·         Experience in test driven
development ·         Experience in developing public web
applications Start: Så snart som möjligt Placeringsort: 100%
på plats hos kunden, StockholmProfinder – erfarna konsulter
inom IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  |
Tel: 08 750 49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa
skrivbordsversion