We are a global team (US, EU & APAC) and candidate would be
required to provide both operational and project work
support. We are looking for a rounded candidate, not someone
with only one skill set. MySQL, Postgress and MariaDB (Linux
based DB systems) are the platform with the largest growth.
The in-depth experience is defined in priority order MySQL,
& PostGreSQL & MS SQL   We use Oracle, however as we are
moving off Oracle more and more expertise level knowledge is
not required but the right candidate needs to be willing to
learn as needed.   Job Requirements defined in the request:
-          Senior database administration -          +5
years’ work experience -          In-depth experience and
working knowledge of MySQL, & preferably PostGreSQL required
-          Experience working with Microsoft SQL Server is
most important however both Linux and Windows servers
experience is desired. -          Expert level in
performance and query tuning -          Demonstrated
experience with automation -          Experience with audit,
regulatory, and/or SOX type compliance
-          Demonstrated experience with maintenance routines
and ability to plan database maintenance
-          Demonstrated ability to capacity plan and working
knowledge of how to do this -          The candidate should
be able to work independently as well as collaboratively in
a team environmentProfinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT,
Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750
49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa
skrivbordsversion