För kunds räkning söker vi en Senior Backend Engineer,
enligt nedan:   # Responsibilities: - Develop Java systems
used for that are both scalable and reliable. - Integrating
systems to data pipelines for analysis - Design and
architecture of asynchronous microservices - Communicate
effectively with your team: product, design and mobile
engineers. - Actively participate and contribute with your
team’s way of working and processes (people over process,
though). - Pair program, review pull requests, share
knowledge and collaborate with other backend engineers. -
Drive and own initiatives to improve the department’s
operations, tech excellence or productivity.   #
Requirements - Familiar with asynchronous java, distributed
databases, systems and microservices. - Conscious about
testing (unit, integration, end to end, functional, system
and load testing) - Has worked under agile methodologies -
Has worked with Continuous Integration and Continuous
Deployment. - Has been able to collaborate with other areas
besides of engineering (product, design) - Proficiency in
Java 8 - Experience with Google Cloud is a plus - Strong
leadership, excellent communication skills and ability to
act as an example of excellence for those around you -
Ability to write readable, scalable, maintainable code -
Commitment to quality - you know what it means to ship high
quality code   Start: 2018-11-26 Uppdragslängd: 2019-05-25
Placeringsort: 100% på plats hos kund, StockholmProfinder –
erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr.
556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  | 
LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion