  Description:   We need a senior engineering manager
consultant to bridge the gap while we are hiring.   The role
is to be the Tech Lead for a Product Area in the Experience
Mission. In the area we work primarily with web based
clients that serves millions of users. In this role you the
manager of engineering managers and accountable for the
delivery of the engineering org of around 30 engineers in
five development teams. You drive the organization towards
success together with the product lead and the design lead
for the area.   One of the challenges this leader will face
is supporting several junior managers who are moving from a
senior engineer role into the engineering manager role. They
will need active coaching and leadership role modeling to
grow in the right direction. Another challenge is that we
are just about to do an adjustment to our organization so
there will be some change management needed to get people on
board and make that transition successful.   As the tech
lead you are accountable for the quality of our tech which
means that you need to make sure we have a good tech
strategy and engineering practices. This will however not be
the primary focus for this consultant role since we are
starting up a bigger change initiative that will be driven
by the tribe lead (the hiring manager for this role).   We
are working with several different products and are involved
in many initiatives at a time why there will be many
different contexts and lots of information to digest. The
person will need to be a fast learner that easily digest
lots of information and finds a good way forward.   Job
Posting Start Date:   2019-01-21 Job Posting End Date:  
2019-07-05Profinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och
Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49
00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion