Job Description As a senior test developer, you will be
involved throughout the development chain through specifying
requirements, implementation and delivery testing.  You will
thus work with reviewing requirements, develop test cases
and execute these; while at the same time you will play a
leading role in developing the company's test methodology
and actively work with automation of our test environment.
You will be part of an agile development team together with
our talented software developers and together, create
customer value. You will also work on developing our test
methodology and play a crucial role in building an
efficient, automated testing environment.  Based on your
past experience in a senior test development role, we see
you taking a leading role of the test developers at the
company. Requirements • A master’s or bachelor’s degree in
computer science, applied physics; or equivalent level of
knowledge • At least 5 years of experience in test
development of embedded systems • Good understanding of what
it means to create high quality embedded systems • A burning
interest in test development • Good leadership skills • Good
knowledge of both Windows and Linux as well as
virtualization of these • Good knowledge of Python • A
comprehensive understanding of C • Good knowledge of JIRA,
Bitbucket, Git and more preferably Git Flow • Experience
with Continuous Integration in Jenkins with pipeline •
Previously worked in an agile world, preferably with scrum •
Experience with SPICE, ISO 9001, CMMI or similar standards  
Preference given to candidates with experience in
                          • Scrum Master role • C#
Development • Automotive industry • Docker • Other languages
and cultures Start: asap- october Location: City  Profinder
– erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och Management  | 
Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49 00Stockholm  | 
Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion