Till vår kund söker vi en Software Test Engineer, enligt
nedan: Role This Software Test Engineer will focus on
supporting the joint project team and ensure that the
information necessary for subsequent stages of testing are
provided and completed successfully. He/she will investigate
and support team to troubleshoot defects, working with the
joint team to resolve defects quickly and improve quality.
As part of the test team he/she will also be responsible for
creation and execution of functional tests. Furthermore the
Test Engineer is building up a framework and test plan and
providing guidance around Behaviour Driven Testing, to
enable the development team creating automated end-2- end
tests.   Required SkillsPrevious experience ofBeneficial
SkillsLocation: Remote, but visiting the customer in Lund
(SE) or different MS offices in UK, DE or IT is required
from time to time Language: English (fluently), Swedish is
beneficial but not a requirement Start: Januari 2018
Uppdragslängd: Slutet av februari 2018, med möjlighet till
förlängningProfinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och
Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49
00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion