You will have the opportunity to work with several
engineering disciplines such as; physics, mechanics,
electronics, mechatronics, optics, metrology and software.
Work tasks:  Integrate new subsystems into the complete
system  Verify system and sub-system functionality 
Calibrate and tune the system to meet the specified
performance  Advanced troubleshooting and analysis 
Process and measure masks Work tasks are a mix practical
elements such as hands-on work with the systems and
theroretical analysis and understanding of system
principles. The work is to a large extent done in cleanroom
environment. Qualifications:  A degree in Engineering
(Preferably within physics, mechanical engineering,
electronics or equivalent).  Fluency in English, both
written and spoken. Some knowledge in linux/unix,
lithography process and clean room work environment is
appreciated. Egenskaper: Du har ett eget driv, är
självgående och har en öppen attityd och god
kommunikationsförmåga. Du är lösningsorienterad och
analytisk. Du måste också tycka om att arbeta praktiskt,
hands-on, för att få saker att fungera. Sist men inte minst
har du ett stort teknikintresse. Uppdragslängd: Minst 6
månaderProfinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och
Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49
00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion