The work includes ·      Analyzing new needs together with
product managers, UX and system designers ·      Producing
test strategies, test plans and test cases ·      Performing
manual tests, exploratory tests, load tests, etc. 
·      Automating test and maintaining automated test suites
·      Defining interfaces to separate “system under test”
for efficient test automation ·      Participating in
creation and maintenance of the development backlog
·      Communicating status daily to the rest of the team,
and being open to helping out where most needed
·      Contributing to demos and other activities that are
generating stakeholder feedback ·      Take an active part
in team improvement work   Required competence and
experience ·      > 5 years of experience in testing IT
systems, apps or products ·      > 3 years of experience in
system IoT systems including apps ·      Knowledge of tools
for app and system tests for IoT systems (Appium, MS Test,
Jenkins) ·      Programming skills to write and maintain
automated test suits (Python, C# etc) ·      Previously
worked with full-stack product centered teams that deliver
to multiple stakeholders ·      Experience of product
development and maintenance in the same team 
·      Proficient in choosing and maintaining a development
toolchain for system testing IoT    Personality ·      Quick
learner, energetic problem solver  ·      Enthusiastic about
creating and improving ways of working ·      Confident but
without personal prestige ·      Thriving on cooperation,
getting things done and awesome user experiences   Extra
credits for ·      Build server and deploy management for
test and production systems  ·      Release management
knowledge for test releases (Hockey App, Test Flight) and
product releases (Google Play, Apple App Store)
·      Product development experience   Start:
Augusti/September Heltid: 100%, på plats hos kunden,
StockholmProfinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och
Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49
00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion