Vi söker för kunds räkning en Tech Integration Manager
enligt nedan; About the position In this position, your main
task will be to act as a coordinator and technical expert
for our products and solutions in both new customer
integrations and our existing customer’s enhancement
projects. You will be a part of the Customer Integrations
Team, which consists of 14 people. Work task and
Responsibilities • Integration of new customers onto the
company´s products & solutions; • Coordinating with
customer-side technicians, developers and project managers
in other projects as they arise; What we are looking for We
believe that the ideal candidate has a minimum of four years
working experience as an application engineer, technical
account/project manager or similar position and wants to
take the step into a more coordinating role, but still can
utilize their technical skills and to have strong customer
focus. Skills and Knowledge • Web integration
(SOAP/REST/HTML & other languages); • Databases (Microsoft
SQL server) • Linux • Project management skillsProfinder –
erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr.
556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  | 
LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion