Till vår kund söker vi en Test Environment Engineer, enligt
nedan:  TEE – Test Environment Engineer for Telecom system
Responsibilities & Authorities: ·         When agreed with
Product Owner be the main stakeholder interface for Test
Environment requests/escalations ·         Throughout the
Test Environment request process the TEE needs to secure
that required HW and documentation is available for the Test
Environment delivery. ·         Analyze Test Environment
requests o   Secure that requirements are refined together
with requester o   Verify budget estimation/availability
o   Add details and costs to the request documentation if
necessary o   Prepare build scope into the CR review and
call for review ·         Initiate orders ·         Secure
deliveries, monitor requirement fulfillment and act on
deviations ·         Support teams to secure a build flow
·         Verify budget estimation and availability (budget
approved when required) ·         Visualize progress of the
Test Environment request process until Ready for build (e.g.
update request) ·         Feedback to stakeholders on
progress/update Test Environment request process
·         Support other in Test Environment related
discussions (for example questions/need from stakeholder)
·         Identify, suggest and where applicable drive
improvement activities ·         Participate in and actively
contribute in retrospectives Needed competence profile:
·         A full-time resource is needed to work with the
geographically distributed cellular operator
like core network/OSS supporting both Global ICT Center
moves and daily operations work with an E2E perspective. 
·         A technical resource that can coordinate with
stakeholders and manage both Core network and OSS/ENM based
on the need of test organizations with requested HW and SW. 
·         Gather & analyze many product development
requirements and understanding of E2E test setup in order to
Support test organization with solutions that fit their test
needs with a cost efficient and long term perspective.    
·         Experience of Telecom Systems, project management
process and procedures.   Start: Så snart som möjligt
Uppdragslängd: 6 månader med möjlighet till förlängning
Placeringsort: 100% på plats hos kunden, StockholmProfinder
– erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och Management  | 
Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49 00Stockholm  | 
Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion