Description:   We are looking for an experienced Engineering
Manager that will to manage a team of 10 engineers. The team
consist of Android, iOS, Backend and QA engineers. As an
engineering manager your primary responsibility is to the
people you support: ensuring that they are growing as
engineers, doing valuable work and generally having a great
time. A solid background in technical leadership and in
software development are a must, so that you’re able to
challenge and grow your team members.   What you’ll do - You
will build and lead a team of engineers through hiring,
coaching, mentoring, feedback and hands-on career
development - Be accountable for the team’s delivery and
technical excellence - Advocate and advance modern, agile
software development practices and help develop and
evangelize great engineering and organizational practices -
Grow a healthy, collaborative engineering culture in line
with the company values - Be an active part of the product
area leadership team and collaborate with other leaders in
the organization   Who you are - You love developing and
growing people and have a tracked record doing it - You are
knowledgeable and passionate about software development -
You have experience in leading, managing, coaching and
mentoring software developers towards delivering timely,
high-quality software together with them - You have a track
record leading and growing teams towards high performance -
You have solid experience working in an agile development
environment - Previous knowledge of mobile engineering or
leading mobile engineering teams is considered a plus    
Job Posting Start Date:   2019-01-02 Job Posting End Date:  
2019-06-28Profinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och
Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49
00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion