Description:   We are looking for a web developer to join
one of our teams at Spotify. We use Web 2.0-technologies,
together with Python/Java backends. We need engineers
experienced in all areas of web development, who can move
freely between client and server side. You will be working
from our offices in central Stockholm.   Who you are * You
have a passion for software development in general * You
love to tackle interesting challenges. * You are adaptable
and resourceful and you are able to develop effective
solutions to problems. * You understand when it’s better to
go for the quick win and when it’s better to drive through a
comprehensive technical solution. * You are committed to
providing our users with the very best music experience in
the world, and the best customer support possible. * You
understand that development means teamwork and enjoy working
with cross functional teams. * You are curious and
passionate about constant learning, also going outside of
your usual domain. * You have a quality mindset in your
approach to your work.   Technical knowledge needed * Web
2.0 (HTML, Javascript, CSS) * CI frameworks e.g. Jenkins *
Java or Python   Technical knowledge wished for * Experience
with TDD and BDD * Component-based frameworks e.g. React,
Salesforce Lightning Components * Experience working with
customer support systems     Job Posting Start Date:  
2018-09-01 Job Posting End Date:   2018-12-31Profinder –
erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr.
556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  | 
LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion