Description:   As a Project Manager within IT B2B, you take
end-to-end responsibility for managing IT development
projects. Your main responsibility is ensuring that projects
are completed on time, within budget and in accordance with
set business goals. Depending on the different projects you
will work both in an agile way and follow the waterfall
model. All projects will follow the project model and in
every project, you will have support from different
resources such as IT, net and commercial business. Your
responsibilities include:   •                        
Managing IT projects consisting of 5-15 individuals in
compliance with company project model
•                         Stakeholder management –
communication within and outside of the team
•                         Reporting progress and fulfillment
  We are looking for a positive "doer" who sees
opportunities instead of problems. You are skilled at
getting your team from point A to point B and you can keep
your cool in a faced-paced environment. In this role you
need to have a great understanding of a digitalized business
and be capable of seeing the bigger picture. Formal
requirements for the role include:  
•                         5+ years of experience from IT,
project development and/or project management
•                         Experience from working within the
operator industryProfinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT,
Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750
49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa
skrivbordsversion