      WHAT YOU WILL DO    - Work with the team to articulate
the long-term vision and set the roadmap.    - Explore new
opportunities and use cases for instrumentation or data
privacy (depending on the team).    - Work closely with
other Product Managers in the Data Collection    -
Collaborate with product, engineering, and data science
teams to gather feedback and requirements for processing
needs, as well as stakeholders across the organization to
make sure that the team is meeting the needs of the
company’s long and short term goals.    - Make sure that
your team is strong and healthy – including capabilities,
happiness, resilience and growth.   WHO YOU ARE    . You
have at least 5 years of product management experience, and
have had demonstrated success defining product roadmaps
specifically for platform products, building collaboratively
with design and engineering peers, and shipping at scale.   
- You have experience with data driven product development
and knowledge of agile methodologies.    - You are
interested in developing your leadership, communication and
relationship building skills.    - You are a team player
with proven ability to work cross functionally.    - You
have a technical background, either as an engineer or in a
previous technical role.    - You crave responsibility, but
are willing to step back and support your team to achieve
success.    - You have an ability to operate effectively and
autonomously across multiple teams in situations of
ambiguity, with only high-level direction.    - You love
inspiring engineering teams and building partnerships with
multiple stakeholders.     Job Posting Start Date:  
2019-05-06 Job Posting End Date:   2019-08-30Profinder –
erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr.
556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  | 
LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion