  Description:   We are looking for an experienced Data
Scientist that can lead the product insights work
independently in a Product Area consisting of multiple
product teams in our Platform & Partner Experiences tribe.
You will together with stakeholders from Product, Design and
Tech define the insights agenda that can inform strategic
and tactical product and design decisions through
understanding consumer behavior. Working together with other
data scientists and user researchers you will ensure that
the analyses results in high quality insights about our
consumers that are actionable and communicated in a way that
impacts the product experience according to the set goals.  
What you’ll do: Perform analyses on large sets of streaming
data to extract actionable insights on consumer behavior
that will help drive product and design decisions across the
product development lifecycle Work closely with
cross-functional teams of data scientists, data engineers,
user researchers, product managers, designers and engineers.
  Who you are: You have at least 4+ years of relevant
experience with a degree in statistics, mathematics,
computer science, engineering, economics or another
quantitative discipline You have a strong product and
business sense and are motivated by achieving impact through
insights work You know how to understand and solve loosely
defined insight problems, to come up with actionable
insights to guide product development decisions. You are a
communicative person that values building positive
relationships with colleagues and stakeholders and have the
ability to explain complex topics in simple terms You are
experienced in leading work streams and projects related to
data science or analytics You have the competence to perform
advanced analytics: Experience performing analysis with
large datasets Coding skills (such as Python, Java, or
Scala) Analytics tools experience (such as Pandas, R, SPSS,
SQL, or Hadoop) Statistical competence (such as regression
modelling, a/b testing, significance testing etc)   Start
Date:   2019-02-04 End Date:   2019-08-02Profinder – erfarna
konsulter inom IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr.
556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  | 
LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion